>> Scott Moss: All right, so the next
thing we're going to do is build an agent.
Let's get to it.
Got a lot to cover, but
it's gonna be really cool.
So we talk about agents, what is an agent?
Really, I have a lot of bullet
points here, I'm gonna be honest.
Really, the thing that I think about
an agent is it's an LLM that has memory,
whether it's short-term or long-term,
it can remember things, and
it has the ability to do tool calling.
We'll talk about, or you'll hear me
say tool calling and function calling,
they're the same thing.
It has the ability to describe.
It has the ability to tell your system
what function it wants your system to run.
It's not to be confused
with code interpreter,
which is an LLM running code for you.
That's an internal tool that an LLM
might have or a platform might offer.
OpenAI has Code Interpreter, and it will
run code on their system for you and
give you back the result.
That's not to be confused with
function calling or tool calling,
which is something different, and
we'll dive more into that a little bit.
But to me, an agent is just
something that has memory,
short-term or long-term and tool calling.
And because it does have tool calling,
it works on a loop, and
we'll talk about that loop in a minute.
But eventually, I mean,
basically having those things
allows the agent to make decisions.
Because if you give an agent, here are all
the functions that you have access to,
the agent has to decide if, when,
or how to use those functions.
You can only try to influence it
with different descriptions, but
at the end of the day, it's gonna decide
what tool is appropriate for it to use.
There's a way to be like,
you have to use this tool no matter what.
But there isn't a way to dynamically say,
if this comes in, you have to use this.
You have to make another LLM in front of
your LLM to classify that intent, and
then, you got to make
sure that LLM is good.
It's just LLMs all the way down, right?
So [LAUGH] it just gets crazy, so
that's the way I think about an agent.
So it has autonomous decision-making.
It has task persistence.
It has tool usage.
It's aware of context, and
typically, it is goal oriented.
So typically, when you interact with
an agent, you're like, can you do this for
me, or can you answer this for me?
And it creates a goal that is trying to
accomplish, so it'll keep looping and
keep calling functions until it's
satisfied that it reached that goal, and
then it'll respond to you.
You won't always just get back
a response from an agent.
Whereas every time we've
interacted with this tool so far,
we get back a response immediately, right?
So if I say, what is my name?
I immediately get back a response.
Whereas with an agent, you might
not get back a response immediate.
They might be like, hold on,
let me think about this.
Let me go check this, or okay,
I did check that, I still don't know.
Let me go check,
let me go do this, kind of.
And then it might come back and be like,
can you tell me more about this?
Okay, cool, let me go check again.
So it's trying to figure out what
to do before it finally responds.
So if that sounds terrifying,
then yeah, it's pretty terrifying.
I remember when agents were a thing,
two years ago I start work.
I was like,
what in the hell am I looking at?
I set up two agents to talk to each other,
to play chess or something like that.
It was really entertaining.
And I gave one the personality
of snoot dog, and
other the personality of his best friend,
Martha Stewart, and it was fun.
[LAUGH] So that's an agent.
Different types of agents,
I talked about this earlier, but
you have chat-based agents,
that's what we're building.
The difference between
this chat based agent and
a non-chat-based agent is that
this has long-term memory.
We just talked about memory, so
we know what that looks like, that's it.
It's an agent that has a recollection
of all your conversations,
including the results
of previous tool calls.
So functions that it called earlier, the
results of those functions are also stored
in the conversation, so
it knows that too, it's pretty aware.
So use cases are customer service,
representative, tutors, mental health,
support assistants, technical
support agents, things like that.
Here's some pseudocode that I created
just to kinda show you what this will
look like.
The only thing that's here that's
different is this, if check.
We don't have this where you can check to
see if the AI responded with a tool, and
then you find the right tool,
you run that tool, and
then you respond back with
the result of that tool.
Don't worry, we'll get into this,
but this is what makes it an agent.
It's this part is that I like.
The AI is telling you to go do something
on your machine and then report back
with the results, that's what telling
to do, and we have to check for that.
Task-based agents are just one of things,
right?
So if I go into cursor right now and
I say, do the thing, that's task-based,
it's not a chat-based,
it's not gonna remember that.
Data analysis like,
look at the spreadsheet and do this thing.
Research assistance is another one,
help me find something that does this.
Content creation is probably the number
one thing when GPT 3.5 was out.
I mean, I would say 99% of the use cases
was creating content, like blog posts,
Twitter posts, SEO stuff,
it was just content creation.
Nobody really knew what else to do
with it other than to make content,
podcast, videos, things like that.
And it's probably still
the number one use case.
Because obviously, the direct export
of an LLM is text, it's content,
so it makes sense to just use that.
That's the exact use case, but
LLMs are much more powerful than
only just creating content.
But creating content itself
is not useless, it's great.
But that's the obvious solution,
and there's a lot of other non-obvious
solutions out there, I think.
So an example of imitation of that is,
in this example,
you have this while loop,
we'll talk about that in a minute,
but you can see that the LLM
basically tries to plan a step.
It tries to execute a step.
It gets the results,
and then it checks to see if the results
satisfies the original request.
And if it doesn't,
it loops again until it does it up until a
max amount of attempts before it just say,
okay, we need to stop this runaway agent,
which is a thing in AI.
You'd have an agent just
constantly contradicting itself,
like I got the right answer.
No, I didn't.
Let me check again.
I got the right answer,
no, that's not right.
Let me check again, and it could just
do that over, and over, and over.
There's so many ways to get around that,
but people do Mac steps and
stuff like that.
So, yeah, real world,
I talked about some of those already.
Some coding ones are really cool,
like GitHub Copilots, actually Tab 9,
I think they got bought out,
there's something else now.
But some of these features are examples of
that, so not gonna go into all of these.
Performance optimizations,
we can talk about that later, and
then I think this was really interesting,
future trends.
So I wrote this one, because people,
I think just like being able to
see what's possible with some of
this just helps when developing it,
so you have multi-agent systems.
These are actually really cool.
Instead of having one agent who can do all
these things, you have multiple agents and
each agent is responsible for
one part of something.
So, you might have one agent whose job
is to orchestrate other agents, and
then, each one of those agents
has a single responsibility.
This agent is anything related to email,
it can do email stuff.
This agent, anything related to calendar,
it can do calendar stuff.
This agent, anything related to research,
it can do research stuff.
And then you have one agent that
orchestrates the communication between all
three of them, and
its job is to get the result and
pass it to another agent that
creates the response, right?
And you can have all these things working
together like a team, it's kinda crazy.
So that one's good.
>> Scott Moss: Improved tool creation,
yeah,
I think we'll talk about this when we get
to tools, cuz it's gonna make more sense.
Enhanced reasoning capabilities,
that's any new model that comes out.
So any new model that comes out usually
is an increase in reasoning capabilities,
that's usually the biggest
benefit of a better model.
That's how they score these models,
is how well it can reason.
So typically,
if you want better reasoning,
for instance, if you have an agent and
you're realizing it's
just picking the wrong tools no
matter what prompts you give it.
It's just not picking the right tools,
get a better model.
It's that model you're using
is not good at reasoning, so
you need to find a better one.
Or make an intent classifier, which
is another LLM in front of your agent
that its job is to figure out what
the right tool is, versus having an agent
who not only figures out the right tool,
but also uses it.
So you can separate the concern out to
another agent, which does make it easy.
Better memory management, yeah,
right now, all the things that I
talked about about summarizing,
ejecting, evicting messages.
If the agents themselves
could just do that,
or if the LLMs themselves could
just do that, that would be great.
Always having to do it is kind of a pain.
And then specialized domain experts, this
was really cool, I like the idea of this.
Like I said, most LLMs are generic.
They're trained on the whole Internet for
the big ones.
But if you compare them to one of us,
very specifically trained for one thing,
that one is gonna be way
better at that one thing.
It's gonna be faster,
cheaper, and more accurate.
So I think we're gonna see a lot of agents
that are just experts at just one thing,
and that's all they do versus like.
There's always gonna be the OpenAIs and
the Claudes of the world whose job is to
make AGI and to make the biggest,
most general intelligence out there.
But I think for most people, especially
when you start thinking of running AI
on a phone where the processing is not
that strong, you're gonna need smaller,
specialized agents that know how to do
this one thing very well versus like,
I'm gonna run ChatGPT 6 on my phone.
Okay, good luck,
it's not gonna be the accurate thing.
So, yes?
>> Speaker 2: Your production uses of AI,
have you ever found the need to validate
LLM responses with a follow-up LLM query,
or is that just generally overkill?
>> Scott Moss: That's a great question.
Times are changing.
So the question was, have I ever found
the need to, like I got a response from
the LLM and then now I need to
validate that with another LLM?
Yes, for many different reasons.
So long time ago,
two years ago, I don't know.
It's not a long time ago.
Before, there was JSON output or
structured output where the LLM,
you can give it a schema, and then it'll
put data in that exact schema, right?
Before, that was a reality, you would
have to ask the AI to do it nicely.
You have to put that in a prompt, like can
you please just send me back something
that looks like this, and then sometimes
it would, sometimes it wouldn't.
So before you try to JSON.parse() that
thing and destroy your whole system,
you would check it with another LLM.
Hey, is the output of
this match this scheme?
If not, run it back, right?
And actually, that's a lot with
LangChained, LanChain did a lot of that.
So it would take a schema you gave it, it
would put it in your prompt for you, and
it will keep running it over and over
again, up until max amount of retries,
until it actually came back
with the shape that you wanted.
Now, that's built into models now.
You can just say, actually, return me this
shape and what we're gonna use it today,
so you don't have to do that.
So for other reasons I might wanna do
this is sometimes the LLM comes back and
it's like, it's just not correct.
It's not doing the right thing.
So there's different strategies.
You might ask it to come back
with a confidence score.
You might say something like, cool, when
you send me back this answer, also give
me a score from 0 to 1 or 1 to 100 on
how confident you think this answer is.
And then, if that confidence score
isn't past some threshold that you're
comfortable with, you run it through
another LLM or something like that.
So you have this QA LLM.
Yeah, I've had that many different
times for many situations and
I'm pretty sure I have some of
that in production at some point.
But yeah,
I do have a lot of that in production,
so,
>> Scott Moss: Cool, any question?
>> Speaker 3: How do you approach
insulating yourself from the kind
of bigger LLMs just absorbing
the functionality you're creating,
just becoming ingrained?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
that's a good question.
How do I think about being cannibalized
by the big general foundational models?
I don't.
Actually, I really don't.
Actually, I had a, how long ago, couple
of weeks ago, we all had to sit down and
we talked with Sam Altman from OpenAI
about what they're doing, OpenAI, and
things like that.
I think at the end of the day, those
companies, they're trying to create AGI.
They're trying to create
the most general thing.
It's literally in the name,
artificial general intelligence.
And I think even with AGI,
it doesn't solve everything,
even AGI is gonna have
a lot of these problems.
So I think there's a lot of value in
going after something that's vertical and
very specific to a set of people.
Because I think ultimately,
when you think of the economics of things,
it's okay, let's say AGI is here today.
It's gonna cost so much damn money
to use it that no one's ever gonna,
I don't know, it'll probably cost you $1
to run it once or something like that,
extremely expensive.
And that's assuming you
have the compute to do it.
So because of that,
there's still gonna be use cases for
things that can run today that are also
quite good and tons of verticals.
Another thing is, I think it comes
down to experience, user experience.
If a chat interface isn't gonna be the
experience for every single AI app, right?
In my app,
we actually do have a chat experience now,
because It's mimicking what you would
have as an executive assistant.
And you would actually chat
with an executive assistant,
so it's kinda of works there.
But me personally, I don't think
chatting is a good interface for
chatting to get Figma designs.
That feels kind of weird to me.
It's like I don't wanna
chat to make designs.
It doesn't feel creative.
So I think, because of that, people
are still gonna be able to make really
unique experiences for very niche
problems that no one, like OpenAI or
Anthropic is ever interested in solving,
because it's too specific for them.
It's like, I don't care about
solving that, we have an AGI.
So as we're more of a platform, we wanna
empower the people who are making these
products that can go make these unique
experiences, because then we win, right?
So, yeah, I'm really not concerned about
them doing any of that, because at the end
of the day, there's a GPT store right now
and it has tons of functionality in there.
And people still don't really use it for
a lot of this stuff.
It's also kinda like Zapier.
Zapier can kinda do a lot
of stuff right now.
You can even talk to OpenAI, but
I don't see people just throwing away
every single app they ever had and
just going to Zapier and making all
these apps that can automate stuff.
Because it's like, yeah,
even though it can do,
setting it up is kind of difficult,
and I don't like the experience.
So yeah, I think there's still
lots of opportunity there,
if you think about going after
something vertical and niche.